well hello there Marines and today we
are taking alien isolation out for spin
on the good oh dope sorry oculus rift
now i'm sure i'm probably gonna get
myself reading by an alien and i don't
really know why I'm talking in this
accent but hey you know well let's take
a look it's gonna be a lot of jump
scares I'm sure because i haven't played
this game yet well i have but i didn't
get very far applied and seen the damned
alien so let's see how much I can you
know scream like a little baby girl
let's go people okay i'm in let's have a
look we're in some some kind of dark
spaceship here people and what we got
here we got some compound i'll have that
he's some flares yep who are these look
awfully tasty and eat bar
don't know what I just heard on how to
crouch that's it I hear something
oh oh oh my god
and where are you okay I'm suddenly a
lot less confident playing this game um
where are you I'm just gonna stay here
for the entire thing and hopefully it
won't find me I don't see anything I'm
safe um ok let's go back in here
I didn't air funny too that's awfully
dark
huh where did it go
why is that
as he steamed over that
oh my god i peek through this gap why
are you oh oh no oh oh
I don't want to play anymore I'm sorry
Marines but this is her it's getting
awfully intense well you know how am I
gonna get past there is like an opening
in an alien and a very sweaty man right
now
there's a comeback go away what what was
that I think he's just gone up in some
kind of vents
I can make it over there
hello
Australian
oh my god oh my god is coming oh shit oh
God where were right oh oh oh oh the
hurts oh oh well that was stupid I kind
of walked out into the open they're
Marines and yeah I got myself Eden um
yeah I'm a bad marine commander oh I was
horrid don't worry I can come back to
life it's it's an ability of mine right
let's go out there and see if we can
dodge this alien this time now y'all
stay with me
I'm back again at my spot where did it
come from then so I walked over to
events but have been and the alien Kim
got me I like the way that you can tilt
your head look rough oh go away you bad
alien oh no I don't mean it your lovely
alien I seriously this is difficult
playing with the oculus rift on not just
because well I wet myself twice already
because it's kind of hard to see a lot
of stuff but as you can see you you look
around clean it's very very impressive
be there mr. alien hey mr. alien where'd
you gone oh my gosh you above me I feel
like this
irish you move on I don't want it
brighton
let's go for that fight the title I
don't think I actually need hot oh look
at that don't know it oh oh your name
aren't you oh no oh oh no don't eat me
oh oh oh right i am not doing so well
right now I'm sorry Marines but that
damned airily and he got me again i need
like to you know we'll move more than
maybe a couple of meters oh ok take
three this time we can do it what am I
want my heart rate is right now let's
take a look Oh 70 that's not so bad I
was expecting an awful lot worse to be
honest